---
origin: PAT（甲级） 2021 年春 7-3
---

# 1181 Structure of Max-Heap (25 分)

In computer science, a **max-heap** is a specialized tree-based data structure that satisfies the heap property: if P is a parent node of C, then the key (the value) of P is greater than or equal to the key of C. A common implementation of a heap is the binary heap, in which the tree is a complete binary tree.

Your job is to first insert a given sequence of integers into an initially empty max-heap, then to judge if a given description of the resulting heap structure is correct or not. There are 5 different kinds of description statements:

- `x is the root`
- `x and y are siblings`
- `x is the parent of y`
- `x is the left child of y`
- `x is the right child of y`

## Input Specification

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line gives 2 positive integers: NN (≤1,000\\le 1,000), the number of keys to be inserted, and MM (≤20\\le 20), the number of statements to be judged. Then the next line contains NN distinct integer keys in \[−104,104\]\[-10^4, 10^4\] which are supposed to be inserted into an initially empty max-heap. Finally there are MM lines of statements, each occupies a line.

## Output Specification

For each statement, print `1` if it is true, or `0` if not. All the answers must be print in one line, without any space.

## Sample Input

    5 6
    23 46 26 35 88
    35 is the root
    46 and 26 are siblings
    88 is the parent of 46
    35 is the left child of 26
    35 is the right child of 46
    -1 is the root

## Sample Output

    011010
