# 1061 Dating (20 分)

Sherlock Holmes received a note with some strange strings: `Let's date! 3485djDkxh4hhGE 2984akDfkkkkggEdsb s&hgsfdk d&Hyscvnm`. It took him only a minute to figure out that those strange strings are actually referring to the coded time `Thursday 14:04` -- since <mark>the first common capital English letter (case sensitive) shared by the first two strings is the 4th capital letter `D`, representing the 4th day in a week</mark>; <mark>the second common character is the 5th capital letter `E`, representing the 14th hour (hence the hours from 0 to 23 in a day are represented by the numbers from 0 to 9 and the capital letters from `A` to `N`, respectively</mark>); and <mark>the English letter shared by the last two strings is `s` at the 4th position, representing the 4th minute</mark>. Now given two pairs of strings, you are supposed to help Sherlock decode the dating time.

## Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. Each case gives 4 non-empty strings of no more than 60 characters without white space in 4 lines.

## Output Specification:

For each test case, print the decoded time in one line, in the format `DAY HH:MM`, where `DA`Y is a 3-character abbreviation for the days in a week -- that is, `MON` for Monday, `TUE` for Tuesday, `WED` for Wednesday, `THU` for Thursday, `FRI` for Friday, `SAT` for Saturday, and `SUN` for Sunday. It is guaranteed that the result is unique for each case.

## Sample Input:

```
3485djDkxh4hhGE
2984akDfkkkkggEdsb
s&hgsfdk
d&Hyscvnm
```

## Sample Output:

```
THU 14:04
```

## 题解

前⾯两字符串中第 1 对相同的⼤写英⽂字⺟（⼤⼩写有区分）是第 4 个字⺟ D，代表星期四；第 2 对相同的字符是 E，那是第 5 个英⽂字⺟，代表 14 时（⼀天的 0 点到 23 点由数字 0 到 9、以及⼤写字⺟ A 到 N 表示）；后⾯两个字符串中第 1 对相同的英⽂字⺟ s 出现在第 4 个位置（从 0 开始计数）上，代表第 4 分钟。现给定两对字符串，要求解码得到约会的时间。
