# 1119 Pre- and Post-order Traversals (30 分)

Suppose that <mark>all the keys in a binary tree are distinct positive integers</mark>. A unique binary tree can be determined by a given pair of postorder and inorder traversal sequences, or preorder and inorder traversal sequences. However, if only the postorder and preorder traversal sequences are given, the corresponding tree may no longer be unique.

Now <mark>given a pair of postorder and preorder traversal sequences, you are supposed to output the corresponding inorder traversal sequence of the tree. If the tree is not unique, simply output any one of them.</mark>

## Input Specification

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line gives <mark>a positive integer N ($\le$ 30), the total number of nodes in the binary tree</mark>. The second line gives the preorder sequence and the third line gives the postorder sequence. All the numbers in a line are separated by a space.

## Output Specification

For each test case, first printf in a line `Yes` if the tree is unique, or `No` if not. Then print in the next line the inorder traversal sequence of the corresponding binary tree. If the solution is not unique, any answer would do. It is guaranteed that at least one solution exists. All the numbers in a line must be separated by exactly one space, and there must be no extra space at the end of the line.

## Sample Input 1

    7
    1 2 3 4 6 7 5
    2 6 7 4 5 3 1

## Sample Output 1

    Yes
    2 1 6 4 7 3 5

## Sample Input 2

    4
    1 2 3 4
    2 4 3 1

## Sample Output 2

    No
    2 1 3 4

## 题解

### 题意

现在给定一对后序和预序遍历序列，您应该输出树的相应顺序遍历序列。如果树不是唯一的，只需输出其中的任何一个。

### 输入

- $N\in [1, 30]$
- 前序遍历
- 后序遍历

### 输出

- 树是否唯一
- 中序遍历

### 思路

树无法确定的情况是只有一个孩子，此时无法确定是左孩子还是右孩子．
