# 1145 Hashing - Average Search Time (25 分)

The task of this problem is simple: <mark>insert a sequence of distinct positive integers into a hash table first. Then try to find another sequence of integer keys from the table and output the average search time</mark> (the number of comparisons made to find whether or not the key is in the table). The <mark>hash function is defined to be $H(key) = key \% TSize$</mark> where $TSize$ is the maximum size of the hash table. <mark>Quadratic probing (with positive increments only) is used to solve the collisions.</mark>

Note that the table size is better to be prime. <mark>If the maximum size given by the user is not prime, you must re-define the table size to be the smallest prime number which is larger than the size given by the user.</mark>

## Input Specification

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line contains 3 positive numbers: <mark>MSize, N, and M, which are the user-defined table size, the number of input numbers, and the number of keys to be found</mark>, respectively. All the three numbers are no more than $10^4$. Then N distinct <mark>positive integers</mark> are given in the next line, followed by M positive integer keys in the next line. All the numbers in a line are separated by a space and are no more than $10^5$.

## Output Specification

For each test case, in case it is impossible to insert some number, print in a line `X cannot be inserted.` where `X` is the input number. Finally print in a line the average search time for all the M keys, accurate up to 1 decimal place.

## Sample Input

    4 5 4
    10 6 4 15 11
    11 4 15 2

### Sample Output

    15 cannot be inserted.
    2.8

## 题解
