# 1056 Mice and Rice (25 分)

**Mice and Rice** is the name of a programming contest in which <mark>each programmer must write a piece of code to control the movements of a mouse in a given map. The goal of each mouse is to eat as much rice as possible in order to become a FatMouse.</mark>

<mark>First the playing order is randomly decided for $N_P$ programmers</mark>. <mark>Then every $N_G$ programmers are grouped in a match</mark>. <mark>The fattest mouse in a group wins and enters the next turn</mark>. <mark>All the losers in this turn are ranked the same</mark>. <mark>Every $N_G$ winners are then grouped in the next match until a final winner is determined.</mark>

<mark>For the sake of simplicity, assume that the weight of each mouse is fixed once the programmer submits his/her code</mark>. <mark>Given the weights of all the mice and the initial playing order, you are supposed to output the ranks for the programmers.</mark>

## Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line contains <mark>2 positive integers: $N_P$ and $N_G (≤1000)$, the number of programmers and the maximum number of mice in a group</mark>, respectively. <mark>If there are less than $N_G$ mice at the end of the player's list, then all the mice left will be put into the last group</mark>. <mark>The second line contains $N_P$ distinct non-negative numbers $W_i (i=0,⋯,N_P−1)$</mark> where each $W_i$ is the weight of the i-th mouse respectively. <mark>The third line gives the initial playing order which is a permutation of $0,⋯,N_P−1$ (assume that the programmers are numbered from $0$ to $N_P−1$).</mark> All the numbers in a line are separated by a space.

## Output Specification:

<mark>For each test case, print the final ranks in a line.</mark> The $i$-th number is the rank of the $i$-th programmer, and all the numbers must be separated by a space, with no extra space at the end of the line.

## Sample Input:

```
11 3
25 18 0 46 37 3 19 22 57 56 10
6 0 8 7 10 5 9 1 4 2 3
```

## Sample Output:

```
5 5 5 2 5 5 5 3 1 3 5
```

## 题解

给出 Np 只老鼠，将这些老鼠按照重量排名。排名的规则比较复杂：这些老鼠有一个初始顺序，按照这个顺序将这些老鼠分成 Ng 大小的组，在每一组中挑出重量最大的老鼠进行下一轮比较，其他的老鼠排在后面且排名全部相同。

这个问题有递归的性质，可以据此来编写代码。
