# 1148 Werewolf - Simple Version (20 分)

Werewolf（狼人杀） is a game in which the players are partitioned into two parties: the werewolves and the human beings. Suppose that in a game,

- player #1 said: "Player #2 is a werewolf.";
- player #2 said: "Player #3 is a human.";
- player #3 said: "Player #4 is a werewolf.";
- player #4 said: "Player #5 is a human."; and
- player #5 said: "Player #4 is a human.".

Given that there were 2 werewolves among them, at least one but not all the werewolves were lying, and there were exactly 2 liars. Can you point out the werewolves?

Now you are asked to solve a harder version of this problem: <mark>given that there were $N$ players, with 2 werewolves among them, at least one but not all the werewolves were lying, and there were exactly 2 liars. You are supposed to point out the werewolves.</mark>

## Input Specification

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, <mark>the first line gives a positive integer $N$ ($5 \le N \le 100$). Then $N$ lines follow and the $i$-th line gives the statement of the $i$-th player ($1 \le i \le N$), which is represented by the index of the player with a positive sign for a human and a negative sign for a werewolf.</mark>

## Output Specification

If a solution exists, print in a line in <mark>ascending order the indices of the two werewolves.</mark> The numbers must be separated by exactly one space with no extra spaces at the beginning or the end of the line. <mark>If there are more than one solution, you must output the smallest solution sequence</mark> -- that is, for two sequences $A = a[1], ..., a[M] $ and $B=b[1],...,b[M]$, if there exists $0 \le k < M$ such that $a[i]=b[i]$ ($i \le k$) and $a[k+1]<b[k+1]$, then $A$ is said to be smaller than $B$. <mark>In case there is no solution, simply print `No Solution`.</mark>

## Sample Input 1

    5
    -2
    +3
    -4
    +5
    +4

## Sample Output 1

    1 4

## Sample Input 2

    6
    +6
    +3
    +1
    -5
    -2
    +4

## Sample Output 2 (the solution is not unique)

    1 5

## Sample Input 3

    5
    -2
    -3
    -4
    -5
    -1

## Sample Output 3

    No Solution

## 题解

枚举狼人和骗子的所有可能（注意狼人和骗子的约束），然后检查是否符合每个人的断言。用双指针可以保证得到的第一个答案就是最小的答案。
