# 1044 Shopping in Mars (25 分)

Shopping in Mars is quite a different experience. <mark>The Mars people pay by chained diamonds</mark>. Each diamond has a value (in Mars dollars M\$). When making the payment, the chain can be cut at any position for only once and some of the diamonds are taken off the chain one by one. Once a diamond is off the chain, it cannot be taken back. For example, if we have a chain of 8 diamonds with values M\$3, 2, 1, 5, 4, 6, 8, 7, and we must pay M$15. We may have 3 options:

1. Cut the chain between 4 and 6, and take off the diamonds from the position 1 to 5 (with values 3+2+1+5+4=15).
2. Cut before 5 or after 6, and take off the diamonds from the position 4 to 6 (with values 5+4+6=15).
3. Cut before 8, and take off the diamonds from the position 7 to 8 (with values 8+7=15).

<mark>Now given the chain of diamond values and the amount that a customer has to pay, you are supposed to list all the paying options for the customer.</mark>

<mark>If it is impossible to pay the exact amount, you must suggest solutions with minimum lost.</mark>

## Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line contains <mark>2 numbers: $N (≤10^5)$, the total number of diamonds on the chain, and $M (≤10^8)$, the amount that the customer has to pay</mark>. Then the next line contains $N$ positive numbers $D_1⋯D_N(D_i≤10^3$ for all $i=1,⋯,N)$ which are the values of the diamonds. All the numbers in a line are separated by a space.

## Output Specification:

For each test case, print `i-j` in a line for each pair of $i ≤ j$ such that $D_i + ... + D_j = M$. <mark>Note that if there are more than one solution, all the solutions must be printed in increasing order of `i`.</mark>

If there is no solution, output `i-j` for pairs of $i ≤ j$ such that $D_i + ... + D_j >M$ with $(D_i + ... + D_j −M)$ minimized. Again all the solutions must be printed in increasing order of `i`.

It is guaranteed that the total value of diamonds is sufficient to pay the given amount.

## Sample Input 1:

```
16 15
3 2 1 5 4 6 8 7 16 10 15 11 9 12 14 13
```

## Sample Output 1:

```
1-5
4-6
7-8
11-11
```

## Sample Input 2:

```
5 13
2 4 5 7 9
```

## Sample Output 2:

```
2-4
4-5
```

## 题解

找出所有的数字串，使其和为一个确定的值，如果没有则要求在和大于这个值的情况下尽可能接近。

基本想法是遍历所有可能的子串，通过剪枝使时间复杂度降到$O(n)$。在左边界固定的情况下，通过不断右移右边界，就可以考察一组子串。一旦发现了一个有可能成为答案的子串（和大于 M），右边界再右移一定不是答案（因为和更大）。这时就应该将左边界右移。
