# 1064 Complete Binary Search Tree (30 分)

A Binary Search Tree (BST) is recursively defined as a binary tree which has the following properties:

- The left subtree of a node contains only nodes with keys less than the node's key.
- The right subtree of a node contains only nodes with keys greater than or equal to the node's key.
- Both the left and right subtrees must also be binary search trees.

A Complete Binary Tree (CBT) is a tree that is completely filled, with the possible exception of the bottom level, which is filled from left to right.

<mark>Now given a sequence of distinct non-negative integer keys, a unique BST can be constructed if it is required that the tree must also be a CBT. You are supposed to output the level order traversal sequence of this BST.</mark>

## Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line contains <mark>a positive integer N (≤1000).</mark> Then N distinct non-negative integer keys are given in the next line. All the numbers in a line are separated by a space and are no greater than 2000.

## Output Specification:

For each test case, print in one line the level order traversal sequence of the corresponding complete binary search tree. All the numbers in a line must be separated by a space, and there must be no extra space at the end of the line.

## Sample Input:

```
10
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0
```

## Sample Output:

```
6 3 8 1 5 7 9 0 2 4
```

## 题解

给出一个序列，要求输出这棵树的层序遍历，这棵树是完全二叉搜索树。

二叉搜索树的中序遍历是有序的，所以只需要将这个序列排序就可以获得中序遍历。又因为这棵树是完全二叉树，所以层序遍历的序号是 1 ~ n 。
