# 1150 Travelling Salesman Problem (25 分)

The "travelling salesman problem" asks the following question: "Given a list of cities and the distances between each pair of cities, what is the shortest possible route that visits each city and returns to the origin city?" It is an NP-hard problem in combinatorial optimization, important in operations research and theoretical computer science. (Quoted from "[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Travelling_salesman_problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Travelling_salesman_problem)".)

<mark>In this problem, you are supposed to find, from a given list of cycles, the one that is the closest to the solution of a travelling salesman problem.</mark>

## Input Specification

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line contains <mark>2 positive integers $N (2<N≤200)$, the number of cities, and $M$, the number of edges in an undirected graph.</mark> Then $M$ lines follow, each describes <mark>an edge in the format `City1 City2 Dist`, where the cities are numbered from 1 to $N$ and the distance `Dist` is positive and is no more than 100.</mark> The next line gives <mark>a positive integer $K$ which is the number of paths, followed by $K$ lines of paths</mark>, each in the format:

$$n \ C_1 \ C_2 \ ... \ C_n$$

where <mark>$n$ is the number of cities in the list, and $C_i$'s are the cities on a path.</mark>

## Output Specification

For each path, print in a line `Path X: TotalDist (Description)` where `X` is the index (starting from 1) of that path, `TotalDist` its total distance (<mark>if this distance does not exist, output `NA` instead</mark>), and `Description` is one of the following:

- `TS simple cycle` if it is <mark>a simple cycle that visits every city;</mark>
- `TS cycle` if it is <mark>a cycle that visits every city, but not a simple cycle;</mark>
- `Not a TS cycle` if it is <mark>NOT a cycle that visits every city.</mark>

Finally print in a line `Shortest Dist(X) = TotalDist` where `X` is the index of the cycle that is the closest to the solution of a travelling salesman problem, and `TotalDist` is its total distance. It is guaranteed that such a solution is unique.

## Sample Input

    6 10
    6 2 1
    3 4 1
    1 5 1
    2 5 1
    3 1 8
    4 1 6
    1 6 1
    6 3 1
    1 2 1
    4 5 1
    7
    7 5 1 4 3 6 2 5
    7 6 1 3 4 5 2 6
    6 5 1 4 3 6 2
    9 6 2 1 6 3 4 5 2 6
    4 1 2 5 1
    7 6 1 2 5 4 3 1
    7 6 3 2 5 4 1 6

## Sample Output

    Path 1: 11 (TS simple cycle)
    Path 2: 13 (TS simple cycle)
    Path 3: 10 (Not a TS cycle)
    Path 4: 8 (TS cycle)
    Path 5: 3 (Not a TS cycle)
    Path 6: 13 (Not a TS cycle)
    Path 7: NA (Not a TS cycle)
    Shortest Dist(4) = 8

## 题解

### 题意

“旅行推销员问题”提出了以下问题：“给定城市列表和每对城市之间的距离，访问每个城市并返回原始城市的最短路线是什么？”这是组合优化中的NP难题，在运营研究和理论计算机科学中很重要。（引自“<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Travelling_salesman_problem>”。）

在这个问题中，你应该从给定的路径中找到最接近旅行推销员问题的解的。

### 思路

先判断路径是否存在，再判断是否是经过了所有城市的环，最后判断是否是简单环。

### 代码

[PAT A1150.cpp](PAT%20A1150.cpp)
