# 1037 Magic Coupon (25 分)

The magic shop in Mars is offering some magic coupons. <mark>Each coupon has an integer $N$</mark> printed on it, <mark>meaning that when you use this coupon with a product, you may get $N$ times the value of that product back</mark>! What is more, <mark>the shop also offers some bonus product for free</mark>. However, <mark>if you apply a coupon with a positive $N$ to this bonus product, you will have to pay the shop $N$ times the value of the bonus product</mark>... but hey, magically, <mark>they have some coupons with negative N's</mark>!

For example, given a set of coupons { 1 2 4 −1 }, and a set of product values { 7 6 −2 −3 } (in Mars dollars M\$) where a negative value corresponds to a bonus product. You can apply coupon 3 (with $N$ being 4) to product 1 (with value M\$7) to get M\$28 back; coupon 2 to product 2 to get M\$12 back; and coupon 4 to product 4 to get M\$3 back. On the other hand, if you apply coupon 3 to product 4, you will have to pay M\$12 to the shop.

<mark>Each coupon and each product may be selected at most once. Your task is to get as much money back as possible.</mark>

## Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line contains <mark>the number of coupons $N_C$</mark>, followed by a line with $N_C$ coupon integers. Then the next line contains <mark>the number of products $N_P$</mark>, followed by a line with $N_P$ product values. Here $1≤N_C,N_P≤10^5$, and it is guaranteed that <mark>all the numbers will not exceed $2^{30}$</mark>.

## Output Specification:

For each test case, simply print in a line the maximum amount of money you can get back.

## Sample Input:

```
4
1 2 4 -1
4
7 6 -2 -3
```

## Sample Output:

```
43
```

## 题解

给出两个序列，从这两个序列中各取出一个数进行相乘，每个数最多能使用一次。求乘积的的和的最大值。

贪心思想：尽可能让大的数相乘。
先对这两个数组排序，对于正数，尽可能选择大的相乘；对于负数，尽可能选择小的相乘。
