# 1143 Lowest Common Ancestor (30 分)

The lowest common ancestor (LCA) of two nodes U and V in a tree is the deepest node that has both U and V as descendants.

A binary search tree (BST) is recursively defined as a binary tree which has the following properties:

- The left subtree of a node contains only nodes with keys less than the node's key.
- The right subtree of a node contains only nodes with keys <mark>greater than or equal to</mark> the node's key.
- Both the left and right subtrees must also be binary search trees.

Given any two nodes in a BST, you are supposed to find their LCA.

## Input Specification

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line gives <mark>two positive integers: $M$ ($\le 1,000$), the number of pairs of nodes to be tested; and $N$ ($\le 10,000$), the number of keys in the BST</mark>, respectively. In the second line, N distinct integers are given as the <mark>preorder traversal sequence of the BST</mark>. <mark>Then M lines follow, each contains a pair of integer keys U and V</mark>. All the keys are in the range of **int**.

## Output Specification

For each given pair of U and V, print in a line `LCA of U and V is A.` if the LCA is found and `A` is the key. But if `A` is one of U and V, print `X is an ancestor of Y.` where `X` is `A` and `Y` is the other node. If U or V is not found in the BST, print in a line `ERROR: U is not found.` or `ERROR: V is not found.` or `ERROR: U and V are not found.`.

## Sample Input

    6 8
    6 3 1 2 5 4 8 7
    2 5
    8 7
    1 9
    12 -3
    0 8
    99 99

## Sample Output

    LCA of 2 and 5 is 3.
    8 is an ancestor of 7.
    ERROR: 9 is not found.
    ERROR: 12 and -3 are not found.
    ERROR: 0 is not found.
    ERROR: 99 and 99 are not found.

## 题解

### 题意

给出一棵二叉搜索树的前序遍历，找出给定的两个节点的 LCA。

### 思路

**由于 BST 的性质，这棵树中只有 LCA 的值在这两个节点之间，而且这两个结点分别在 LCA 的左右子树中。**所以只需要在前序遍历中找到第一个值在这两个结点之间的结点，就是 LCA。
