# 1111 Online Map (30 分)

Input our current position and a destination, an online map can recommend several paths. <mark>Now your job is to recommend two paths to your user: one is the shortest, and the other is the fastest. It is guaranteed that a path exists for any request.</mark>

## Input Specification

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line gives <mark>two positive integers $N$ ($2 \le N \le 500$), and $M$, being the total number of streets intersections on a map, and the number of streets</mark>, respectively. Then $M$ lines follow, each describes a street in the format:

    V1 V2 one-way length time

where `V1` and `V2` are the indices (from 0 to $N-1$) of the two ends of the street; `one-way` is 1 if the street is one-way from `V1` to `V2`, or 0 if not; `length` is the length of the street; and `time` is the time taken to pass the street.

Finally a pair of source and destination is given.

## Output Specification

For each case, first print the shortest path from the source to the destination with distance `D` in the format:

    Distance = D: source -> v1 -> ... -> destination

Then in the next line print the fastest path with total time `T`:

    Time = T: source -> w1 -> ... -> destination

<mark>In case the shortest path is not unique, output the fastest one among the shortest paths, which is guaranteed to be unique. In case the fastest path is not unique, output the one that passes through the fewest intersections, which is guaranteed to be unique.</mark>

<mark>In case the shortest and the fastest paths are identical, print them in one line in the format:</mark>

    Distance = D; Time = T: source -> u1 -> ... -> destination

## Sample Input 1

    10 15
    0 1 0 1 1
    8 0 0 1 1
    4 8 1 1 1
    3 4 0 3 2
    3 9 1 4 1
    0 6 0 1 1
    7 5 1 2 1
    8 5 1 2 1
    2 3 0 2 2
    2 1 1 1 1
    1 3 0 3 1
    1 4 0 1 1
    9 7 1 3 1
    5 1 0 5 2
    6 5 1 1 2
    3 5

## Sample Output 1

    Distance = 6: 3 -> 4 -> 8 -> 5
    Time = 3: 3 -> 1 -> 5

## Sample Input 2

    7 9
    0 4 1 1 1
    1 6 1 1 3
    2 6 1 1 1
    2 5 1 2 2
    3 0 0 1 1
    3 1 1 1 3
    3 2 1 1 2
    4 5 0 2 2
    6 5 1 1 2
    3 5

## Sample Output 2

    Distance = 3; Time = 4: 3 -> 2 -> 5

## 题解

### 题意

1. 找两条路，一条最短的，一条最快的．
2. 如果最短的不唯一，找其中最快的．
3. 如果最快的不唯一，找其中经过的点最少的．

#### 输入

- $N\in [2, 500]$ ：点的个数
- `M` ：边的个数
- `V1 V2 one-way length time`
  - 点的序号
  - 是不是单向
  - 长度
  - 时间

#### 输出

    Distance = D: source -> v1 -> ... -> destination
    Time = T: source -> w1 -> ... -> destination

如果最短的和最快的是同一条路

    Distance = D; Time = T: source -> u1 -> ... -> destination

### 思路

dijkstra．
