---
created: 2022-03-04T17:08:27 (UTC +08:00)
tags: []
origin:
source: 
---

# [题目详情 - 7-1 Fake News (20 分)](https://pintia.cn/problem-sets/1472556878538063872/problems/1472557013124890624)

No news site is unbiased, but some do a better job of trying to balance facts and opinions. The term **fake news** means "news articles that are intentionally and verifiably false" designed to manipulate people's perceptions of real facts, events, and statements. (Quoted from <https://www.cits.ucsb.edu/fake-news/what-is-fake-news>)

To tell if a news media is more or less likely to be fake, you can keep an eye on several different sites to see how they report on the same important events. The algorithm works as the following:

- Select NN news sites.
- For each important event, scan every site and represent each different opinion by a distinct integer.
- Define the **likelihood** of a site ii being fake news by Fi\=ni/NF\_i = n\_i/N, where nin\_i is the number of sites that have different opinions than site ii.
- Find the news site(s) which is(are) the most likely to report fake news.
- For each news site, count the number of times it was the most likely to be fake, and find the one that is in most of the cases the most likely to be fake.

## Input Specification

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line contains two positive numbers: NN (≤104\\le 10^4) which is the number of news sites, and MM (≤100\\le 100) which is the number of events. Then MM lines follow, each describes the reports of the sites in the format:

R1R\_1 R2R\_2 ... RNR\_N

where RiR\_i is an integer in the range \[−104,104\]\[-10^4, 10^4\], and reprensts the opinion of site ii.

## Output Specification

For each test case, print in a line the index of the site which is in most of the cases the most likely to be fake. The answer is guaranteed to be unique.

## Sample Input

    4 6
    4 2 7 7
    1 1 1 3
    2 9 9 5
    -1 -1 -1 -1
    -2 2 -2 2
    1 1 3 4

## Sample Output

    4

## Hint

The FiF\_i's for each event are the following:

    Event 1: 3/4 3/4 2/4 2/4 --> 1 and 2 are the most likely
    Event 2: 1/4 1/4 1/4 3/4 --> 4 is the most likely
    Event 3: 3/4 2/4 2/4 3/4 --> 1 and 4 are the most likely
    Event 4: 0 0 0 0 --> all are the most likely
    Event 5: 2/4 2/4 2/4 2/4 --> all are the most likely
    Event 6: 2/4 2/4 3/4 3/4 --> 3 and 4 are the most likely

Hence site 4 is the one since it has the highest likelihood for 5 times, while other sites only have 3 or 4 times.
