---
origin: PAT（甲级） 2021 年春 7-2
---

# 1181 Lab Access Scheduling (25 分)

Nowadays, we have to keep a safe social distance to stop the spread of virus due to the COVID-19 outbreak. Consequently, the access to a national lab is highly restricted. Everyone has to submit a request for lab use in advance and is only allowed to enter after the request has been approved. Now given all the personal requests for the next day, you are supposed to make a feasible plan with the maximum possible number of requests approved. It is required that at most one person can stay in the lab at any particular time.

## Input Specification

Each input file contains one test case. Each case starts with a positive integer NN (≤2×103\\le 2\\times 10^3), the number of lab access requests. Then NN lines follow, each gives a request in the format:

    hh:mm:ss hh:mm:ss

where `hh:mm:ss` represents the time point in a day by hour:minute:second, with the earliest time being `00:00:00` and the latest `23:59:59`. For each request, the two time points are the requested entrance and exit time, respectively. It is guaranteed that the exit time is after the entrance time.

Note that all times will be within a single day. Times are recorded using a 24-hour clock.

## Output Specification

The output is supposed to give the total number of requests approved in your plan.

## Sample Input

    7
    18:00:01 23:07:01
    04:09:59 11:30:08
    11:35:50 13:00:00
    23:45:00 23:55:50
    13:00:00 17:11:22
    06:30:50 11:42:01
    17:30:00 23:50:00

## Sample Output

    5

## Hint

All the requests can be approved except the last two.
