# 1108 Finding Average (20 分)

The basic task is simple: <mark>given $N$ real numbers, you are supposed to calculate their average.</mark> But what makes it complicated is that some of the input numbers might not be legal. <mark>A **legal** input is a real number in $[-1000, 1000] $ and is accurate up to no more than 2 decimal places. When you calculate the average, those illegal numbers must not be counted in.</mark>

## Input Specification

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line gives <mark>a positive integer $N$ ($\le 100$). Then $N$ numbers are given in the next line</mark>, separated by one space.

## Output Specification

For each illegal input number, print in a line `ERROR: X is not a legal number` where `X` is the input. Then finally print in a line the result: `The average of K numbers is Y` where `K` is the number of legal inputs and `Y` is their average, accurate to 2 decimal places. In case the average cannot be calculated, output `Undefined` instead of `Y`. In case `K` is only 1, output `The average of 1 number is Y` instead.

## Sample Input 1

    7
    5 -3.2 aaa 9999 2.3.4 7.123 2.35

## Sample Output 1

    ERROR: aaa is not a legal number
    ERROR: 9999 is not a legal number
    ERROR: 2.3.4 is not a legal number
    ERROR: 7.123 is not a legal number
    The average of 3 numbers is 1.38

## Sample Input 2

    2
    aaa -9999

## Sample Output 2

    ERROR: aaa is not a legal number
    ERROR: -9999 is not a legal number
    The average of 0 numbers is Undefined
