# 1151 LCA in a Binary Tree (30 分)

<mark>The lowest common ancestor (LCA) of two nodes U and V in a tree is the deepest node that has both U and V as descendants.</mark>

Given any two nodes in a binary tree, you are supposed to find their LCA.

## Input Specification

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line gives <mark>two positive integers: $M (≤1,000)$, the number of pairs of nodes to be tested; and $N (≤10,000)$, the number of keys in the binary tree</mark>, respectively. <mark>In each of the following two lines, N distinct integers are given as the inorder and preorder traversal sequences of the binary tree</mark>, respectively. It is guaranteed that the binary tree can be uniquely determined by the input sequences. <mark>Then M lines follow, each contains a pair of integer keys U and V. All the keys are in the range of **int**.</mark>

## Output Specification

<mark>For each given pair of U and V, print in a line `LCA of U and V is A.` if the LCA is found and `A` is the key</mark>. But <mark>if `A` is one of U and V, print `X is an ancestor of Y.` where `X` is `A` and `Y` is the other node.</mark> <mark>If U or V is not found in the binary tree, print in a line `ERROR: U is not found.` or `ERROR: V is not found.` or `ERROR: U and V are not found.`.</mark>

## Sample Input

    6 8
    7 2 3 4 6 5 1 8
    5 3 7 2 6 4 8 1
    2 6
    8 1
    7 9
    12 -3
    0 8
    99 99

### Sample Output

    LCA of 2 and 6 is 3.
    8 is an ancestor of 1.
    ERROR: 9 is not found.
    ERROR: 12 and -3 are not found.
    ERROR: 0 is not found.
    ERROR: 99 and 99 are not found.

## 题解

### 题意

给出一棵二叉树的中序和前序遍历，找两个结点的最低公共祖先节点。

### 思路

中序遍历是按照左子树、根、右子树的顺序遍历的，所以节点在中序遍历的相对位置就可以判断这两个节点的 LCA 在哪部分。

### 代码

[PAT A1151.cpp](PAT%20A1151.cpp)
