---
created: 2022-03-04T17:08:50 (UTC +08:00)
tags: []
source: https://pintia.cn/problem-sets/1472556878538063872/problems/1472557013124890624
author: 
---

# 题目详情 - 7-4 Helping the Couriers (30 分)

Gao recently took a part time job as a courier（快递员）. Every time as he picks up NN packages from the distribution center, he would always try to find the best way to deliver those packages so that he can finish this round as quickly as possible. On the other hand, as a programmer, Gao understands that finding the simple cycle that visits all the vertices with the minimum time is an NP hard problem. So he wouldn't ask you to find the best solution for him. Instead, he would give you several plans to check, and you are supposed to tell him the best plan.

What makes this job a little bit complicated is that every package has a deadline for delivery. If Gao can deliver the package in time, he will receive YY yuans payment; or if he misses the deadline, he will be penalized and lose PP yuans after gaining YY yuans payment. He would choose the plan that can gain him the most amount of payment first. If there are more than one choices, he would pick the one with the minimum total time of delivery.

It is assumed that Gao would always choose the shortest path between any pair of destinations, but he will **NOT** deliver any package on the way along the shortest path.

## Input Specification

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line gives two positive numbers and a time: NN (≤103\\le 10^3) which is the total number of packages, MM, the number of streets among those delivery points, and the starting time of the delivery tour, in the format `hh:mm` where `hh` is the hour and `mm` is the minute, and the time is in the range from 08:00 to 17:00. Here we assume that the package delivery points are numbered from 1 to NN and the distribution center is numbered 0.

Then NN lines follow. The iith line gives the information of the iith package, in the format

    deadline Y P

where `deadline` is the deadline for delivery and is also in `hh:mm`. It is assumed that all the deadlines are in \[00:00, 23:59\] within the same day of the starting time; `Y` is the payment for successfully delivering this package no later than the deadline; and `P` is the penalty for missing the deadline, both are no more than 10410^4.

And then MM lines follow, each describes a street in the format

    V1 V2 time

where `V1` and `V2` are the indices of the two ends of this street, and `time` is the minutes (≤120\\le 120) taken to pass this street. It is guaranteed that Gao can reach every delivery point, either directly or indirectly.

Finally there is a positive integer KK (≤100\\le 100) followed by KK lines of plans, each contains NN indices corresponding to an order of delivery. It is assumed that Gao always starts from 0 and returns to 0, hence 0 is not explicitly given in the input plan. The numbers in a line are separated by spaces.

## Output Specification

Among all the given plans, find the plan with the maximum payment that Gao can gain and the minimum time taken for him to complete this round of delivery. Print in a line the payment and the time he gets back to the distribution center (in the format `hh:mm`). The numbers must be separated by exactly 1 space and there must be no extra space at the beginning or the end of the line.

By the way, you must ignore those plans that are impossible for Gao to finish his job. On the other hand, it is guaranteed that there is at least one plan that is feasible.

## Sample Input

    5 11 08:00
    09:00 10 2
    08:30 50 10
    13:00 5 1
    08:35 20 3
    08:30 200 80
    1 0 5
    0 2 30
    3 0 20
    0 4 40
    4 5 5
    1 4 21
    1 3 60
    1 2 30
    2 3 10
    3 4 2
    2 4 60
    5
    1 4 5 3 2
    3 4 5 2 1
    3 4 5 1 2
    5 1 2 3 1
    5 4 1 3 2

## Sample Output

    275 09:53

## Hint

Plan 4 is obviously impossible since point 4 is not in. The arriving times and payments for other plans are show in the following table. Plan 3 and 5 both give the maximum payments, yet Plan 3 takes fewer time. Hence the answer is Plan 3 with payment 275 and completion time 09:53.

| Plan | Term | V1 | V2 | V3 | V4 | V5 | 0 |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | arrival | 08:05 | 08:26 | 08:31 | 08:38 | 08:48 | 09:18 |
| 1 | payment | +10 | +20 | +200-80 | +5 | +50-10 | 195 |
| 2 | arrival | 08:20 | 08:22 | 08:27 | 08:44 | 09:14 | 09:19 |
| 2 | payment | +5 | +20 | +200 | +50-10 | +10-2 | 273 |
| 3 | arrival | 08:20 | 08:22 | 08:27 | 08:53 | 09:23 | 09:53 |
| 3 | payment | +5 | +20 | +200 | +10 | +50-10 | 275 |
| 5 | arrival | 08:27 | 08:32 | 08:53 | 09:16 | 09:26 | 09:56 |
| 5 | payment | +200 | +20 | +10 | +5 | +50-10 | 275 |
