---
created: 2022-03-04T17:08:33 (UTC +08:00)
tags: []
source: https://pintia.cn/problem-sets/1472556878538063872/problems/1472557013124890624
author: 
---

# 题目详情 - 7-2 Rank a Linked List (25 分)

> ## Excerpt
> 千名教师建设，万道高质量题目，百万用户拼题的程序设计实验辅助教学平台

---
A linked list of nn nodes is stored in an array of nn elements. Each element contains an integer `data` and a `next` pointer which is the array index of the next node. It is guaranteed that the given list is linear -- that is, every node, except the first one, has a unique previous node; and every node, except the last one, has a unique next node.

Now let's number these nodes in order, starting from the first node, by numbers from 1 to nn. These numbers are called the `rank`s of the nodes. Your job is to list their ranks.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line gives a positive number nn (≤105\\le 10^5) which is the total number of nodes in the linked list. Then nn numbers follow in the next line. The iith number (i\=0,⋯ ,n−1i=0, \\cdots , n-1) corresponds to next(i)next(i) of the iith element. The NULL pointer is represented by −1\-1. The numbers in a line are separated by spaces.

### Output Specification:

List nn ranks in a line, where the iith number (i\=0,⋯ ,n−1i=0, \\cdots , n-1) corresponds to rank(i)rank(i) of the iith element. The adjacent numbers in a line must be separated by exactly 1 space, and there must be no extra space at the beginning or the end of the line.

### Sample Input:

```
5
3 -1 4 1 0
```

### Sample Output:

```
3 5 1 4 2
```

### Hint:

The given linked list is stored as 2->4->0->3->1->NULL. Hence the 0th element is ranked 3 since it is the 3rd node in the list; the 1st element is ranked 5 since it is the last (the 5th) node in the list; and so on so forth.
